# Frontier Thirdweb
Space Frontier Game

# Idea
The game is meant to be a mix of classic RPG games and a city builder mechanics.
The RPG part is built around NPCs which are player owned NFTs, minted during gameplay.
The players role is to manage a small settlement and optimise, expand and maintain it, so that it can thrive and eventually allow to yield some rewards in a form of FT.
The asset generation (either new buildings or opportunities for imprivement) are generated by the server in a form of quests (currently implemented as simple dialogues).

#Thirdweb integration
Client uses GamingKit for wallet connection.
The backend uses ThirdWeb evm SDK to mint, transfer and read FTs and NFTs

#Running
## Backend
This is a pretty standard node/express app. Use the following to run (assuming ts-node is available)
```
npm install
npm run dev
```
## Client
The webGL export will connect to localhost, no extra setup required.

# Tech
## Client
Client is built using Unity as a webGL build.
- this allows hassle-free connection to most wallets
- since the build size is relatively small (release builds just over 15mb) it allows to start playing within seconds after clicking the link (no installs etc).

## Backend
Typescript NodeJS + ThirdwebSDK

main functions:
- manages FT withdrawal
- generates NPC NFTs
- controls any asset generation mechanics. (e.g. game quest which might produce some value are entirely controlled by backend)
- wraps owned token requests into API.

src/controllers contains the logic, 
src/data has both offchain and thirdweb adapters.
